happy mother's day today I'm gonna show
you how to bake
a really healthy chocolate cake for your
mom
I'm dedicating this video to my own mom
cuz I know she loves sweets
and I made this just thinking about her
because this is a cake that you can eat
guilt-free so enjoy we're gonna need
3 cups of almond flour or ground
almond half a cup
cacao powder 2 teaspoons a baking
powder
half a cup of melted coconut oil or
any
unflavored oil if you're choosing 5
tablespoons
a agave nectar or honey and a half a cup
of coconut milk or any dairy free milk
milk of your choice also you're going to use
banana small banana that we're gonna
mashup 2 teaspoons
of vanilla extract gonna start off
by mixing all the dry ingredients so
we're gonna
chuck in the almond flour the cocoa powder
and also the baking powder and we just in
the blend that together
I'm just gonna put that to one side and
I'm gonna mashup my banana
the riper for your banana is the sweeter it will be
I try to have my bananas ripe as
possible so now that that's mashed the
recent but that one site again
of am gonna come back to my mixture
here I'm gonna
I'm gonna pour in the coconut oil and my
coconut milk
I'm just gonna give that quick blend
next up I'm gonna
put in my sweetener which I'm using agave nectar here
my mashed banana
and also the 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
and now we can give another blend look
at that chocolatey
goodness
I'm just gonna prepare cake tin 10 and I'll
show you how to do that
so here have my cake tin and gonna
take a little bit of
vegan butter and I'm just gonna spread
that
really doing this with the vegan butter so that it doesn't stick
and obviously we've already preheat your
oven to 180 degrees Celsius because the
a bit thicker batter gonna have to just a
spread around alright so our cake is in
the oven right now and
is gonna be there for around 30 minutes
and then I'm gonna check on it to see if
it needs more time
meanwhile I'm gonna try and make the
frosting here so it's the first time
make this frosting
but I found this great recipe that uses dates instead of any sugars
so I have a cup of dates here and I've
depitted
and so next up I'm gonna use some coconut
oil so
quarter cup of melted coconut oil
into a blend is this man nutribullet and I'm gonna
use a quarter cup
of water so and I'll also gonna use a
quarter cup
of cacao powder and now I'm just
gonna blend this all up and show you how
that looks like
so this is what I'm gonna use to put on
my cake and then refrigerate that until
my cake it done
alright so 30 minutes had passed and the cake
just came out
and the knife is coming out clear so
we're just getting
wait for it to cool down and then we're
gonna apply the frosting a show you how to
do that alright so the chocolate cake
I'll and turn it upside down and now I'm
just gonna spread this
frosting that we did previously
alright so we're not gonna stop just there we're gonna decorate our
cake with some strawberries
so what I'm gonna show you is how I fan them out
like this
see take your strawberry you can use how many strawberries as you like
and then you just grab it to the part where the
leafs are
and then you start cutting but don't cut
all the way
up to here you wanna leave like a space
there so that it doesn't
cut through completely and then you cut it
all the way down
I'm trying to do them as thinly as I can without
actually breaking
and just do that to the whole strawberry
and once you finish that
you just fan it out like this and there you have your fanned
strawberry
so there you go guys he have a perfectly
delicious
chocolate cake that is pretty good for you
wouldn't say you should
eat this every single day all day but
it's good for you
as a treat so I really hope you like like it and
special your mom likes it
and I will see you next time I hope you
get to make this cake
for your mom I wish I could make it from
my own but she's a bit far away
unfortunately
so if you like this video please watch
the some of myi other videos they have linked
here
and also please subscribe if you like these
videos
it would mean a lot to me I'll see you next
time bye!